Fields that were edited:
Noted that some cities and jobs had commas in them, so had to remove all those otherwise the comma delimiter
would break up all those fields and not import the correct value per column

Also removing apostrophe's since that could cause errors or rewrote the word so that it wouldn't need to be 
shortened with an apostrophe such as changing "Int'l" to "International" 

positin1 has blank values for Waves #1-5 so for these waves, we input 0 as the values

Blanks in pid for some of the id's in Wave #5. It's the 7th female who didn't complete their responses. 
Thus we assume that she did not match with anyone and assign the dec and dec_0 to be 0
We don't want to delete these rows entirely since they do tell us about the male preferences for not matching with her

For int_corr which is the correlation between the participant and the partner's ratings of interesting Time 1,
we substitute the blanks for 0's to indicate that there is no correlation as we are not sure how it's calculated
If we figure out the calculation of them, then we can recalculate the whole column or we can insert a new
"correlation" column at the end of the data where we know the calculation deterministically.

Some fields are inter-related so if we don't have values in one of them, then we most likely can't look up
the value in the other. For example, there are two columns age_o and age. Age is the self-reported age
of the student and is asked when they signup. Age_o is the age of the partner during that round.
The problem with age is that there are many possibilities that people did not report their age such as they
think that they're too old or too young.  For example, men tend to like young women, so women may report a lower
age than the true value.  On the other hand, women prefer mature men as a measure of stability so men may 
report a higher age than the true value.  Thus, for now we won't edit or add any of the age or age_o values.

Note that there are some NA values in the field_cd (the field of study that each person has, coded) so we 
assign those NA values to be 18, which is the "Other" field

We also found that in some of the values in the race field is "NA" so we code those to be 6 which 
corresponds to the Other field